We can now reflect our
interactions with the DT11 sensor.
We began by hard wiring the
power incomes of a DHT 11 sensor
with a Raspberry Pis GPI pins.
We then downloaded the DHT 11 display
software from GitHub onto the device.
And we ran this to show sensor
readings displayed in the terminal.
As a further exercise we then downloaded
and ran the DHT 11 MTT Bridge software.
And then we also downloaded a.
SSL certificate this certificate allowed us
to authenticate with a server and to encrypt
traffic between our device and the server.
When the DHT 11 MQTT Bridge software is run,
a secure empty connection is made between our
sensor device or a Raspberry Pi and the and a
message an eclipse Mosquitto message broker.
This message broker then forwards that
information to an Elasticsearch database.
Fire and the file be in logstash controllers.
And I'm the Cabana application Club owner,
client application.
It is available to be viewed
using a web browser. I'm.
It can then be used to query
an and search for results.